Ouch, what was I then?
You rubbish, you are blind!
You blind man got the wrong driver
Miss, I advise you.
Hurry up and find someone to wash your car well
This dog thing will only build your car
What are you two still doing?
Get this guy out of here
Stop
Jiang Shao is competing to recruit relatives today
I'm not here to make you talk quickly
Want to marry me Xiao Yue
If you don't have any real skills, it's just a fool's dream
Hahahaha
Of course.
Since I, Jiang Ximing, dare to come today
It's a must.
However, this competition attracts relatives, and the sword has no eyes.
For fear of hurting Xiao Xiaoxian
I specially brought my Jiang family's golden silk soft armor
As a gift for Miss Jiang
Golden Wire Soft Armor
This is pure gold forging.
Priceless and hot
In the future, Miss Xiao will marry into my Jiang family
I think this betrothal gift
Must be better than this golden silk soft armor
A thousand cups
Why is your golden silk soft armor a little smelly?
What nonsense are you talking about?
I'll tell you what.
A lowly inferior like you
I will never see this high-end in my life.
High-end stuff
precious western style
Are you sure?
In fact, I am also here to participate in the competition to recruit relatives
Since gift-giving is popular
Then I'll put my razor
Give it to Xiaoyao
leader